App Engine application for the Udacity training course.## Products- [App Engine][1]## Language- [Python][2]## APIs- [Google Cloud Endpoints][3]## Setup Instructions1. Update the value of `application` in `app.yaml` to the app ID you   have registered in the App Engine admin console and would like to use to host   your instance of this sample.2. Update the values at the top of `settings.py` to   reflect the respective client IDs you have registered in the   [Developer Console][4].3. Update the value of CLIENT_ID in `static/js/app.js` to the Web client ID4. (Optional) Mark the configuration files as unchanged as follows:   `$ git update-index --assume-unchanged app.yaml settings.py static/js/app.js`5. Run the app with the devserver using `dev_appserver.py DIR`, and ensure it's running by visiting   your local server's address (by default [localhost:8080][5].)6. Generate your client library(ies) with [the endpoints tool][6].7. Deploy your application.8. Go to https://apis-explorer.appspot.com/apis-explorer/?base=https:// [ insert your app ID here ] .appspot.com/_ah/api#p/, to access the google API endpoints for the application.  #SessionsSessions are a part of a conference with a specific start time, speaker and type.  When a session is created via the createSession() method, the user is required to provide the websafe key of the parent conference in the 'websafeConferenceKey' field.   The websafe key for the parent conference is also required to use the getConferenceSessions and the getConferenceSessions by type methods to specify which conference is to be the target of the query.  The createSession() method will create a Session entity which is stored on the Data store, by copying the data passed to the createSession() method to the new session entity.   The websafe conference key for a given conference can be obtained by calling an endpoint method which returns a ConferenceForm(s) object, e.g., the getConferencesCreated endpoint method, the queryConference endpoint method, or the filterPlayground endpoint method.  The websafe key for the speaker at the session must also be provided.  This is explained in more detail in the 'Speakers' section below.    To increase flexibility when querying, the 'duration' property of the conference has been stored as an integer.  This allows the user to use 'less than' operator when calling the method getSessionByDuration.  Similarly, the 'startTime' property is stored as a structured property with integer values for both hour and minute.  This is to aid in the beforeSevenNonWorkshop method (described more below), since start times before seven can be represented by a list of integers, which are iterated through with a for loop.  Though the startTime is stored as a structured property, the CreateSessionForm used when creating a Session with the createSession() method requires a string.  The string must be in the format 'hh:mm' with the hours being in military time.  This string will be converted into the structured property when the createSession() method is called.  If no startTime is provided, the created Session entity will have the default startTime of 8AM.  ##SpeakersEach session must have a speaker.  The Speaker of a session is stored in the Session entity as a Speaker object.  The Speaker object has two properties the name of the speaker and the name of the speaker's organization.  All Speaker entities are stored on Data store.  A new Speaker can be created using the createSpeaker() method.  Both the 'speaker' and 'organization' properties must be provided in order to create a new speaker, in order to make a Speaker entity is more easily identifiable.  When creating a session, the websafe key of the speaker must be provided.  The websafe key for a speaker is provided in the SpeakerForm sent in response to the createSpeaker() method.  It may also be obtained using the querySpeaker() method, which queries Speaker entities by name and optionally organization.  ##Featured SpeakersWhen a speaker is speaking at two or more sessions at a conference, that speaker is eligible to be the 'featured speaker' of that conference.  Any time a session entity is created vai the createSession() method, the addFeaturedSpeaker() endpoint method will be called.  The addFeaturedSpeaker() method checks to see if the speaker is speaking at at least two sessions of the conference, and if so, whether that speaker is speaking at more sessions at that conference than any other speaker.  If the speaker is speaking at the most sessions for the given conference, he/she will be considered the 'featured speaker.'  The featured speaker's websafe key will be stored in memcache along with the websafe keys for all sessions the 'featured speaker' will be speaking at.  This memcached 'featured speaker' data may be obtained with the getFeaturedSpeaker() endpoint method.   The data memcached for the featured speaker includes speaker's websafe key (a string) and  the webpage keys of all sessions at the conference that the speaker is speaking at (stored as a repeated string property).#Querying for no workshopsFor those uninterested in session having workshops, or sessions held later than 7, the beforeSevenNonWorkshop() endpoint method has been added. NDB prohibits inequality filters on multiple properties.  Thus, having one inequality filter (!=) to query for sessions that are not workshops, along with another inequality filter (in this case a '>') being used to find sessions before seven, would not be permissible.  To get around this limitation, the beforeSevenNonWorkshop() method implements a for loop to create a list of all hours in a day prior to 7PM.  The startTime property is a structured property.  Its component properties,  'hour' and 'minute', are both integer properties.  Thus, the list of integers created by the beforeSevenNonWorkshop() method can be used to query all sessions before 7PM.  #Additional Query TypesTwo additional query types have been added to enable the user to query session entities: getSessionsByHighlights and get SessionsByDuration.  The getSessionsByHighlights() method provides the user with the ability to search for a sessions based on the session's highlights.  The getSessionsByHighlights() method takes a list of highlights, which are entered as strings and returns a SessionForms entity containing any session entity that has at least one of the highlights listed in the input.  The getSessionsByDuration() method takes as input an integer representing the maximum desired duration, and returns a SessionForms entity containing all sessions with a duration less than or equal to the duration input.  #WishlistsEach User entity has a repeated string property representing the user's 'wishlist.  The wish list property is intended to be a list of all sessions that the user is interested in.  Sessions are referenced on the wish list using the session's websafe key, and a session can be added to, and will remain on the user's wish list regardless of whether a user is signed up for the conference at which the session will be held.  ##Adding sessions to a user's wish listA session can be added to the currently logged in user's wish list using the addSessionToWishlist() endpoint method.  This method takes as input the websafe key of the session to be added to the wish list.  The webpage key of a session can be obtained by calling any endpoint method which returns a SessionForm(s) object, e.g. getConferenceSessions, getSessionsBySpeaker, or getConferenceSessionsByType. ##Removing a session from the wishlistA session can be removed from the logged in user's wish list using the deleteSessionInWishlist endpoint method.  This method takes as input the webpage key of the session to be deleted, which can be obtained with any endpoint method which returns a  SessionForm(s) object.  